#
计划中,我选择公开的话题会更新全部我向学校发出的新内容,如果涉及隐私可能会做涂黑处理.原文如果发现typo可能会更正.

# Index

* [Email: 2024, Meeting about reported inappropriate behaviors](#email-2024-meeting-about-reported-inappropriate-behaviors)
* [4me.com: 2024, Stolen account](#4mecom-2024-stolen-account)
* [4me.com: 2024, Request to modify my login security options](#4mecom-2024-request-to-modify-my-login-security-options)


# Email: 2024, Meeting about reported inappropriate behaviors

## Yong Bin, Sent: Wednesday, May 8, 2024 11:56 PM
To: Blumer Marvin <marvin.blumer@usi.ch>

Cc: MR
 
Dear Mr. Blumer,

Hope your works are progressing well. I hope to make some corrections about the reports you received and to repeat some facts that I have told during the meeting. 

First, about what happened yesterday. I do looked at that person and it may make him uncomfortable. However, there are reasons. Sometimes, someone starts to use the toilet next to me while I was using one, and they always quickly leave the room when I start to clean myself. Most of the time, they do not flush but they can still leave a clean toilet. Yesterday, it was the person who I looked at. I also want to point out that, when he reported to the security, I never touched his belongings and I did not talk to him.

About the day before yesterday. I want to point out following things.
1. That person was the person who started to use loud volume to watch videos, not me. Other students maybe unable to correctly identify who was playing the video because I was sitting next to him. 
2. That person asked me to leave that table and I refused. After that, he grabed my bag and tried to take it away,  but I stopped him. He was also pushing my things away. I recorded that part and I can share it to you if you want.
3. At that night, a security entered the room and left without saying anything. When he entered the room, that person was playing his video very loudly.
4. I played music with about the same volume after he played his videos very loud. (Other students have already left the room at the time) He asked me to stop the music because he is having a Zoom meeting with a professor. However, it was about 00:00 of the night, and it was a multi person meeting on his phone, I have never heard of USI professors would held a meeting at that time. I stopped the music and asked him to use headphones but he refused.
5. One or even more of the students who reported that event was the friends of the student who reported me earlier. I assume they have the incentive to report me when they find a chance.

About the reports from the security guy and other reports.

They are wrong, I have never deliberately sat right in front of a female student while there are more than 40 empty tables in the room. I also have never shout to a Chinese female student. I also feel strange about such reports because when it happens, if I was the security, I would come to stop me, but they never did.

I hope to have a full list of the inappropriate behavior reports of me, so I can make some corrections to the report. I may also find the person who was at the same classroom to ask them to help me prove that I was innocent. I might also be able to point out where the report is unreasonable.

As for meeting doctors, if they allow me to film and publish the meeting, I may accept it.

Best regards,

Bin Yong

## Blumer Marvin , Sent: Monday, May 13, 2024 8:06 PM

To: Yong Bin <bin.yong@usi.ch>

Cc: MRx

`warned me not to disturb others again and talked about visitingx doctor`

# 4me.com: 2024, Stolen account
## 21 Mar, Me

Dear Decanato, Dear IT Support Team,

Hope your works are progressing well. I found evidence of someone else was using my USI email account this morning. A Swisscare worker said that they received an empty email from me at 10:26 of this morning but I can confirm and I am certain that I was not using my email at that time. I hope USI can help me to investigate this problem. Could you please give me some advices on this problem?

Best regards,
Bin Yong

## 22 Mar, ZA
 
Hi @Bin Yong,



We are investigating your issue. In the meantime, could you please reset the password for your account?



I have attached the guide for your reference.



I remain at your disposal.



Have a great day,
██████████████

## 25 Mar, Me
 
Hi,
I have changed the password. However, without knowing the method they used to steal my account/token, merely change the password may not solve the problem.

## 26 Mar, ZA
 
Hi @Bin Yong,

I've spoken with one of our specialists, and from that email, it cannot be inferred that it was sent from our system. You should verify with SwissCare.

Have a good day,
██████████████

## 26 Mar, Me
 
Hi @██████████████,
Thank you for the information.
I am also very into information security things and I have learned a lot about it. I hope you can give me some information so I can do some investigation by myself. I hope you can give me a full-detailed operation/login logs about my account of that day. Could you please tell me what do you have as the log?
## 30 Mar, Me
 
Hi @██████████████,


I just noticed that there could be some misunderstanding between us. I did not assume that the attacker was using the USI network. What I do assume is that the attacker may left some operation logs that is visible to Microsoft that can be found from outlook management page. I would be appricated if you can give me such logs.


Best regards,
bin yong


## 17 Apr, ZA
 
Hi @Bin Yong,



Unfortunately, we cannot provide further information regarding this for security reasons.



I remain available for any further information.



Best regards,


# 4me.com: 2024, Request to modify my login security options
## 10 Apr, Me
Hi,

I have purchased two security keys to protect my acount. To achieve better protection, I want to make following changes to my USI account:
First, I want to disable POP3, IMAP, MAPI, and Exchange ActiveSync in Microsoft 365. Only allow Outlook Web App access.
here is a guide:
[https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/troubleshoot/user-and-shared-mailboxes/pop3-imap-owa-activesync-office-365Opens a new window](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/troubleshoot/user-and-shared-mailboxes/pop3-imap-owa-activesync-office-365)

Second, I want to disable password login of my USI account to Outlook. Attached is a screenshot FYI.



Best,
Bin
## 15 Apr, CB
 
Dear Yong,
Thank you for reaching out and for your innovative suggestion. We value your interest in improving the services offered to students.
We want to inform you that your proposal to create a profile without a password and with only webmail active will be taken into consideration for future developments. We understand the importance of simplifying access to services and facilitating the use of technology for students.
We will keep you updated on any changes and developments regarding this proposal. Thank you again for your contribution and for supporting the continuous improvement of our services.
Best regards,
Servizio informatico

## 15 Apr Me
 
Hi,

In case you misunderstood me. My request is not a suggestion to general profile for all students, it is a request to modify my profile to meet the security needs of the threat that I am facing to. So, please change the settings of my profile instead of considering the future development to all students.

Best,
Bin

